# This file was autogenerated by uv via the following command:
#    uv pip compile requirements.in
-e .
annotated-types==0.6.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.3.0
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   jupyter-server
    #   sse-starlette
    #   starlette
    #   watchfiles
argon2-cffi==23.1.0
    # via jupyter-server
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
arrow==1.3.0
    # via isoduration
astor==0.8.1
    # via sqlmesh
asttokens==2.4.1
    # via stack-data
async-lru==2.0.4
    # via jupyterlab
attrs==23.2.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
babel==2.14.0
    # via jupyterlab-server
beautifulsoup4==4.12.3
    # via nbconvert
bleach==6.1.0
    # via nbconvert
certifi==2024.2.2
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
cffi==1.16.0
    # via argon2-cffi-bindings
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   sqlmesh
    #   uvicorn
comm==0.2.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
coverage==7.5.0
    # via pytest-cov
croniter==2.0.5
    # via sqlmesh
dateparser==1.2.0
    # via sqlmesh
debugpy==1.8.1
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
duckdb==0.10.2
    # via sqlmesh
execnet==2.1.1
    # via pytest-xdist
executing==2.0.1
    # via stack-data
fastapi==0.110.2
    # via sqlmesh
fastjsonschema==2.19.1
    # via nbformat
fqdn==1.5.1
    # via jsonschema
freezegun==1.5.0
    # via sqlmesh
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
httpcore==1.0.5
    # via httpx
httptools==0.6.1
    # via uvicorn
httpx==0.27.0
    # via jupyterlab
hyperscript==0.0.3
    # via sqlmesh
idna==3.7
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   jsonschema
    #   requests
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via pytest
ipykernel==6.29.4
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyterlab
    #   qtconsole
ipython==8.24.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-console
ipywidgets==8.1.2
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   rich
    #   sqlmesh
isoduration==20.11.0
    # via jsonschema
jedi==0.19.1
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.3
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
    #   sqlmesh
json5==0.9.25
    # via jupyterlab-server
jsonpointer==2.4
    # via jsonschema
jsonschema==4.22.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbformat
jsonschema-specifications==2023.12.1
    # via jsonschema
jupyter==1.0.0
jupyter-client==8.6.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   qtconsole
jupyter-console==6.6.3
    # via jupyter
jupyter-core==5.7.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   qtconsole
jupyter-events==0.10.0
    # via jupyter-server
jupyter-lsp==2.2.5
    # via jupyterlab
jupyter-server==2.14.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-lsp
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   notebook
    #   notebook-shim
jupyter-server-terminals==0.5.3
    # via jupyter-server
jupyterlab==4.1.8
    # via
    #   jupyterlab-vim
    #   notebook
jupyterlab-pygments==0.3.0
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-server==2.27.1
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
jupyterlab-vim==4.1.3
jupyterlab-widgets==3.0.10
    # via ipywidgets
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
matplotlib-inline==0.1.7
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
mistune==3.0.2
    # via nbconvert
nbclient==0.10.0
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==7.16.4
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-server
nbformat==5.10.4
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
nest-asyncio==1.6.0
    # via ipykernel
notebook==7.1.3
    # via jupyter
notebook-shim==0.2.4
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   pandas
    #   pyarrow
overrides==7.7.0
    # via jupyter-server
packaging==24.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
    #   pytest
    #   qtconsole
    #   qtpy
pandas==2.2.2
    # via sqlmesh
pandocfilters==1.5.1
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.4
    # via jedi
pexpect==4.9.0
    # via ipython
platformdirs==4.2.1
    # via jupyter-core
pluggy==1.5.0
    # via pytest
prometheus-client==0.20.0
    # via jupyter-server
prompt-toolkit==3.0.43
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
psutil==5.9.8
    # via ipykernel
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via stack-data
pyarrow==16.0.0
    # via sqlmesh
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pydantic==2.7.1
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   sqlmesh
pydantic-core==2.18.2
    # via pydantic
pygments==2.17.2
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
    #   nbconvert
    #   qtconsole
    #   rich
pytest==8.2.0
    # via
    #   pytest-asyncio
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-mock
    #   pytest-xdist
pytest-asyncio==0.23.6
pytest-cov==5.0.0
pytest-mock==3.14.0
pytest-xdist==3.6.1
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   arrow
    #   croniter
    #   dateparser
    #   freezegun
    #   jupyter-client
    #   pandas
python-dotenv==1.0.1
    # via uvicorn
python-json-logger==2.0.7
    # via jupyter-events
pytz==2024.1
    # via
    #   croniter
    #   dateparser
    #   pandas
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-events
    #   uvicorn
pyzmq==26.0.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   qtconsole
qtconsole==5.5.1
    # via jupyter
qtpy==2.4.1
    # via qtconsole
referencing==0.35.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
    #   jupyter-events
regex==2024.4.28
    # via dateparser
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   sqlmesh
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rfc3986-validator==0.1.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rich==13.7.1
    # via sqlmesh
rpds-py==0.18.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
ruamel-yaml==0.18.6
    # via sqlmesh
ruamel-yaml-clib==0.2.8
    # via ruamel-yaml
send2trash==1.8.3
    # via jupyter-server
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   asttokens
    #   bleach
    #   python-dateutil
    #   rfc3339-validator
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
soupsieve==2.5
    # via beautifulsoup4
sqlglot==23.12.2
    # via sqlmesh
sqlglotrs==0.2.0
    # via sqlglot
sse-starlette==2.1.0
    # via sqlmesh
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via ipython
starlette==0.37.2
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   sse-starlette
terminado==0.18.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
tinycss2==1.3.0
    # via nbconvert
tornado==6.4
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
traitlets==5.14.3
    # via
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   qtconsole
types-python-dateutil==2.9.0.20240316
    # via arrow
typing-extensions==4.11.0
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
tzdata==2024.1
    # via pandas
tzlocal==5.2
    # via dateparser
uri-template==1.3.0
    # via jsonschema
urllib3==2.2.1
    # via requests
uvicorn==0.22.0
    # via
    #   sqlmesh
    #   sse-starlette
uvloop==0.19.0
    # via uvicorn
watchfiles==0.21.0
    # via
    #   sqlmesh
    #   uvicorn
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via prompt-toolkit
webcolors==1.13
    # via jsonschema
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.8.0
    # via jupyter-server
websockets==12.0
    # via uvicorn
widgetsnbextension==4.0.10
    # via ipywidgets
